README.md, before:

<div id="top"></div>

# Shared Solutions to Coding Challenges

Publicly shared solutions to the [Coding Challenges](https://codingchallenges.fyi/).

## Build your own wc Tool
The Challenge: [Write your own wc Tool](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-wc)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/jainmohit2001/coding-challenges/blob/master/src/1
- https://github.com/Ghurtchu/wc
- https://github.com/ogzhanolguncu/wc-rus
- https://github.com/andrenbrandao/wc-tool
- https://github.com/praveshdev3/wc-go
- https://github.com/sureshmangs/Build-Your-Own-X/tree/main/ccwc/C%2B%2B
- https://github.com/sahasrara62/codingchallenges.fyi/tree/main/word_count
- https://github.com/kanhayaKy/wc-tool
- https://github.com/sujeetsawala/ccwc
- https://github.com/lolo8304/coding-challenge/tree/main/no-1
- https://github.com/yildirimmurat/cc1-unix_wc_tool
- https://github.com/alphaDia/ccwc
- https://github.com/GauravGuptaDeveloper/Coding-Challenges/tree/wc-tool/wc-tool
- https://github.com/ebrahim-s-ebrahim/mywc
- https://github.com/yaralahruthik/cc-wc
- https://github.com/dotslashbit/coding-challenges/tree/main/write_your_own_wc_tool
- https://github.com/igaurab/cc/tree/main/wc-tool [Python]
- https://github.com/shellmonk/mccwc [C]
- https://github.com/surajkewat/wc-tool
- https://github.com/neutrinoks/CodingChallenge/tree/main/ccwc [Rust]
- https://github.com/shakeib98/ccwc 
- https://github.com/hlalljie/Word_Count
- https://github.com/new-AF/my-wc.js

## Build your own JSON Parser
The Challenge: [Write your own JSON Parser](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-json-parser)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/jainmohit2001/coding-challenges/blob/master/src/2
- https://github.com/ogzhanolguncu/json-parser-ts
- https://github.com/lolo8304/coding-challenge/tree/main/no-2
- https://github.com/sureshmangs/Build-Your-Own-X/tree/main/JSON-Parser/C%2B%2B
- https://github.com/ebrahim-s-ebrahim/myJsonParser
- https://github.com/jengori/json_parser
- https://github.com/neutrinoks/CodingChallenge/tree/main/json-parser [Rust]

## Build your own Compression Tool
The Challenge: [Write your own Compression Tool](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-huffman)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/Patrick-Q-Jensen/HuffmanEncoding
- https://github.com/jainmohit2001/coding-challenges/blob/master/src/3
- https://github.com/ogzhanolguncu/ts-huffman-compress
- https://github.com/lolo8304/coding-challenge/tree/main/no-3
- https://github.com/prodbyola/paramo

## Build your own cut Tool
The Challenge: [Write your own cut Tool](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-cut)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/jainmohit2001/coding-challenges/blob/master/src/4
- https://github.com/Ghurtchu/cut
- https://github.com/lolo8304/coding-challenge/tree/main/no-4

## Build your own Load Balancer
The Challenge: [Write your own Load Balancer](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-load-balancer)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/jainmohit2001/coding-challenges/blob/master/src/5
- https://github.com/Ghurtchu/lb
- https://github.com/andrenbrandao/load-balancer
- https://github.com/lolo8304/coding-challenge/tree/main/no-5
- https://github.com/abhijeetnishal/Build-Your-Own-X/tree/master/load-balancer


## Build your own Sort Tool
The Challenge: [Write your own Sort Tool](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-sort)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/jainmohit2001/coding-challenges/blob/master/src/6

## Build your own Calculator
The Challenge: [Write your own Calculator](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-calculator)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/jainmohit2001/coding-challenges/blob/master/src/7
- https://github.com/ogzhanolguncu/rust-stack-calculator
- https://github.com/jengori/Calcu-Llama
- https://github.com/dotslashbit/coding-challenges/tree/main/write_your_own_calculator

## Build your own Redis Server
The Challenge: [Write your own Redis Server](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-redis)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/jainmohit2001/coding-challenges/blob/master/src/8
- https://github.com/ogzhanolguncu/rs_redis_server
- https://github.com/ogzhanolguncu/valinor-vault
- https://github.com/lolo8304/coding-challenge/tree/main/no-8

## Build your own grep
The Challenge: [Write your own grep](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-grep)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/jainmohit2001/coding-challenges/blob/master/src/9
- https://github.com/lolo8304/coding-challenge-9

## Build your own uniq
The Challenge: [Write your own uniq](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-uniq)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/jainmohit2001/coding-challenges/blob/master/src/10

## Build your own Web Server
The Challenge: [Write your own Web Server](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-webserver)

The shared solutions:
- https://www.linkedin.com/in/ingandreaguidi/
- https://github.com/jainmohit2001/coding-challenges/blob/master/src/11
- https://github.com/lolo8304/coding-challenge/tree/main/no-11
- https://github.com/alphaDia/webserver

## Build your own URL Shortener
The Challenge: [Write your own URL Shortener](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-url-shortener)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/andrewkaldani/url_shortner
- https://github.com/jainmohit2001/short-url
- https://github.com/ogzhanolguncu/nextjs-url-shortener-ts
- https://github.com/dev-details/ai-code-example
- https://github.com/jengori/short-changed
- https://github.com/niyazi-eren/url-shortener
- https://github.com/vishyarjun/url_shortener
- https://github.com/abhijeetnishal/URLShortener

## Build your own diff
The Challenge: [Write your own diff](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-diff)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/jainmohit2001/coding-challenges/blob/master/src/13

## Build your own Shell
The Challenge: [Write your own Shell](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-shell)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/jainmohit2001/coding-challenges/blob/master/src/14

## Build your own cat Tool
The Challenge: [Write your own cat Tool](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-cat)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/jainmohit2001/coding-challenges/blob/master/src/15
- https://github.com/sahasrara62/codingchallenges.fyi/tree/main/cat_tool

## Build your own IRC Client
The Challenge: [Write your own IRC Client](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-irc)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/jainmohit2001/coding-challenges/blob/master/src/16
- https://github.com/lolo8304/coding-challenge/tree/main/no-16

## Build your own Memcached Server
The Challenge: [Write your own Memcached Server](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-memcached)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/jainmohit2001/coding-challenges/blob/master/src/17
- https://github.com/lolo8304/coding-challenge/tree/main/no-17

## Build your own Spotify Client
The Challenge: [Write your own Spotify Client](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-spotify)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/jainmohit2001/spotify-client

## Build your own Discord Bot
The Challenge: [Write your own Discord Bot](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-discord)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/jainmohit2001/coding-challenges/blob/master/src/19
- https://github.com/lolo8304/coding-challenge/tree/main/no-19

## Build your own LinkedIn Carousel Generator
The Challenge: [Write your own LinkedIn Carousel Generator](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challege-licg)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/jainmohit2001/carousel-gen

## Build your own sed
The Challenge: [Write your own sed](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-sed)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/jainmohit2001/coding-challenges/blob/master/src/21

## Build your own DNS Resolver
The Challenge: [Write your own DNS Resolver](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-dns-resolver)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/jainmohit2001/coding-challenges/blob/master/src/22
- https://github.com/vishalg8454/DNS-Resolver-Nodejs/tree/master
- https://github.com/amanjha8100/dns-resolver
- https://github.com/lolo8304/coding-challenge/tree/main/no-22

## Build your own Traceroute
The Challenge: [Write your own Traceroute](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-traceroute)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/jainmohit2001/coding-challenges/blob/master/src/23

## Build your own Realtime Chat Client and Server
The Challenge: [Write your own Realtime Chat Client and Server](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-realtime-chat)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/jainmohit2001/coding-challenges/blob/master/src/16
- https://github.com/dethancosta/realtime-chat

## Build your own NATS Message Broker
The Challenge: [Write your own NATS Message Broker](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-nats)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/ogzhanolguncu/rs_message_broker
- https://github.com/jainmohit2001/coding-challenges/blob/master/src/25
- https://github.com/lolo8304/coding-challenge/tree/main/no-25

## Build your own Git Client
The Challenge: [Write your own Git Client](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-git)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/jainmohit2001/coding-challenges/blob/master/src/26

## Build your own Rate Limiter
The Challenge: [Write your own Rate Limiter](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-rate-limiter)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/niyazi-eren/rate-limiter
- https://github.com/jainmohit2001/coding-challenges/blob/master/src/27
- https://gitlab.com/surshrestha/rate-limiters
- https://github.com/abhijeetnishal/Build-Your-Own-X/tree/master/rate-limiter

## Build your own Scheduling Automation App
The Challenge: [Write your own Scheduling Automation App](https://codingchallenges.substack.com/p/coding-challenge-29-scheduling-automation)
- https://github.com/Satya753/SchedulingAutomationApp/tree/main

## Build your own Lisp Interpreter
The Challenge: [Write your own Lisp Interpreter](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-lisp)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/lolo8304/coding-challenge/tree/main/no-30



<!-- // Template
## Build your own
The Challenge: [Write your own]()

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/dudupopkhadze/rate-limiters
-->

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">🔼 Back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

Adding code solution for write your own head challenge
- challenge link : https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-head/
- challenge solution link: https://github.com/sahasrara62/codingchallenges.fyi/tree/main/head_cc

README.md, after:

<div id="top"></div>

# Shared Solutions to Coding Challenges

Publicly shared solutions to the [Coding Challenges](https://codingchallenges.fyi/).

## Build your own wc Tool
The Challenge: [Write your own wc Tool](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-wc)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/jainmohit2001/coding-challenges/blob/master/src/1
- https://github.com/Ghurtchu/wc
- https://github.com/ogzhanolguncu/wc-rus
- https://github.com/andrenbrandao/wc-tool
- https://github.com/praveshdev3/wc-go
- https://github.com/sureshmangs/Build-Your-Own-X/tree/main/ccwc/C%2B%2B
- https://github.com/sahasrara62/codingchallenges.fyi/tree/main/word_count
- https://github.com/kanhayaKy/wc-tool
- https://github.com/sujeetsawala/ccwc
- https://github.com/lolo8304/coding-challenge/tree/main/no-1
- https://github.com/yildirimmurat/cc1-unix_wc_tool
- https://github.com/alphaDia/ccwc
- https://github.com/GauravGuptaDeveloper/Coding-Challenges/tree/wc-tool/wc-tool
- https://github.com/ebrahim-s-ebrahim/mywc
- https://github.com/yaralahruthik/cc-wc
- https://github.com/dotslashbit/coding-challenges/tree/main/write_your_own_wc_tool
- https://github.com/igaurab/cc/tree/main/wc-tool [Python]
- https://github.com/shellmonk/mccwc [C]
- https://github.com/surajkewat/wc-tool
- https://github.com/neutrinoks/CodingChallenge/tree/main/ccwc [Rust]
- https://github.com/shakeib98/ccwc 
- https://github.com/hlalljie/Word_Count
- https://github.com/new-AF/my-wc.js

## Build your own JSON Parser
The Challenge: [Write your own JSON Parser](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-json-parser)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/jainmohit2001/coding-challenges/blob/master/src/2
- https://github.com/ogzhanolguncu/json-parser-ts
- https://github.com/lolo8304/coding-challenge/tree/main/no-2
- https://github.com/sureshmangs/Build-Your-Own-X/tree/main/JSON-Parser/C%2B%2B
- https://github.com/ebrahim-s-ebrahim/myJsonParser
- https://github.com/jengori/json_parser
- https://github.com/neutrinoks/CodingChallenge/tree/main/json-parser [Rust]

## Build your own Compression Tool
The Challenge: [Write your own Compression Tool](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-huffman)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/Patrick-Q-Jensen/HuffmanEncoding
- https://github.com/jainmohit2001/coding-challenges/blob/master/src/3
- https://github.com/ogzhanolguncu/ts-huffman-compress
- https://github.com/lolo8304/coding-challenge/tree/main/no-3
- https://github.com/prodbyola/paramo

## Build your own cut Tool
The Challenge: [Write your own cut Tool](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-cut)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/jainmohit2001/coding-challenges/blob/master/src/4
- https://github.com/Ghurtchu/cut
- https://github.com/lolo8304/coding-challenge/tree/main/no-4

## Build your own Load Balancer
The Challenge: [Write your own Load Balancer](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-load-balancer)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/jainmohit2001/coding-challenges/blob/master/src/5
- https://github.com/Ghurtchu/lb
- https://github.com/andrenbrandao/load-balancer
- https://github.com/lolo8304/coding-challenge/tree/main/no-5
- https://github.com/abhijeetnishal/Build-Your-Own-X/tree/master/load-balancer


## Build your own Sort Tool
The Challenge: [Write your own Sort Tool](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-sort)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/jainmohit2001/coding-challenges/blob/master/src/6

## Build your own Calculator
The Challenge: [Write your own Calculator](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-calculator)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/jainmohit2001/coding-challenges/blob/master/src/7
- https://github.com/ogzhanolguncu/rust-stack-calculator
- https://github.com/jengori/Calcu-Llama
- https://github.com/dotslashbit/coding-challenges/tree/main/write_your_own_calculator

## Build your own Redis Server
The Challenge: [Write your own Redis Server](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-redis)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/jainmohit2001/coding-challenges/blob/master/src/8
- https://github.com/ogzhanolguncu/rs_redis_server
- https://github.com/ogzhanolguncu/valinor-vault
- https://github.com/lolo8304/coding-challenge/tree/main/no-8

## Build your own grep
The Challenge: [Write your own grep](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-grep)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/jainmohit2001/coding-challenges/blob/master/src/9
- https://github.com/lolo8304/coding-challenge-9

## Build your own uniq
The Challenge: [Write your own uniq](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-uniq)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/jainmohit2001/coding-challenges/blob/master/src/10

## Build your own Web Server
The Challenge: [Write your own Web Server](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-webserver)

The shared solutions:
- https://www.linkedin.com/in/ingandreaguidi/
- https://github.com/jainmohit2001/coding-challenges/blob/master/src/11
- https://github.com/lolo8304/coding-challenge/tree/main/no-11
- https://github.com/alphaDia/webserver

## Build your own URL Shortener
The Challenge: [Write your own URL Shortener](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-url-shortener)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/andrewkaldani/url_shortner
- https://github.com/jainmohit2001/short-url
- https://github.com/ogzhanolguncu/nextjs-url-shortener-ts
- https://github.com/dev-details/ai-code-example
- https://github.com/jengori/short-changed
- https://github.com/niyazi-eren/url-shortener
- https://github.com/vishyarjun/url_shortener
- https://github.com/abhijeetnishal/URLShortener

## Build your own diff
The Challenge: [Write your own diff](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-diff)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/jainmohit2001/coding-challenges/blob/master/src/13

## Build your own Shell
The Challenge: [Write your own Shell](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-shell)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/jainmohit2001/coding-challenges/blob/master/src/14

## Build your own cat Tool
The Challenge: [Write your own cat Tool](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-cat)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/jainmohit2001/coding-challenges/blob/master/src/15
- https://github.com/sahasrara62/codingchallenges.fyi/tree/main/cat_tool

## Build your own IRC Client
The Challenge: [Write your own IRC Client](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-irc)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/jainmohit2001/coding-challenges/blob/master/src/16
- https://github.com/lolo8304/coding-challenge/tree/main/no-16

## Build your own Memcached Server
The Challenge: [Write your own Memcached Server](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-memcached)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/jainmohit2001/coding-challenges/blob/master/src/17
- https://github.com/lolo8304/coding-challenge/tree/main/no-17

## Build your own Spotify Client
The Challenge: [Write your own Spotify Client](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-spotify)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/jainmohit2001/spotify-client

## Build your own Discord Bot
The Challenge: [Write your own Discord Bot](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-discord)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/jainmohit2001/coding-challenges/blob/master/src/19
- https://github.com/lolo8304/coding-challenge/tree/main/no-19

## Build your own LinkedIn Carousel Generator
The Challenge: [Write your own LinkedIn Carousel Generator](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challege-licg)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/jainmohit2001/carousel-gen

## Build your own sed
The Challenge: [Write your own sed](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-sed)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/jainmohit2001/coding-challenges/blob/master/src/21

## Build your own DNS Resolver
The Challenge: [Write your own DNS Resolver](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-dns-resolver)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/jainmohit2001/coding-challenges/blob/master/src/22
- https://github.com/vishalg8454/DNS-Resolver-Nodejs/tree/master
- https://github.com/amanjha8100/dns-resolver
- https://github.com/lolo8304/coding-challenge/tree/main/no-22

## Build your own Traceroute
The Challenge: [Write your own Traceroute](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-traceroute)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/jainmohit2001/coding-challenges/blob/master/src/23

## Build your own Realtime Chat Client and Server
The Challenge: [Write your own Realtime Chat Client and Server](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-realtime-chat)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/jainmohit2001/coding-challenges/blob/master/src/16
- https://github.com/dethancosta/realtime-chat

## Build your own NATS Message Broker
The Challenge: [Write your own NATS Message Broker](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-nats)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/ogzhanolguncu/rs_message_broker
- https://github.com/jainmohit2001/coding-challenges/blob/master/src/25
- https://github.com/lolo8304/coding-challenge/tree/main/no-25

## Build your own Git Client
The Challenge: [Write your own Git Client](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-git)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/jainmohit2001/coding-challenges/blob/master/src/26

## Build your own Rate Limiter
The Challenge: [Write your own Rate Limiter](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-rate-limiter)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/niyazi-eren/rate-limiter
- https://github.com/jainmohit2001/coding-challenges/blob/master/src/27
- https://gitlab.com/surshrestha/rate-limiters
- https://github.com/abhijeetnishal/Build-Your-Own-X/tree/master/rate-limiter

## Build your own Scheduling Automation App
The Challenge: [Write your own Scheduling Automation App](https://codingchallenges.substack.com/p/coding-challenge-29-scheduling-automation)
- https://github.com/Satya753/SchedulingAutomationApp/tree/main

## Build your own Lisp Interpreter
The Challenge: [Write your own Lisp Interpreter](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-lisp)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/lolo8304/coding-challenge/tree/main/no-30

## Build your own head
The Challenge: [Write your own head](https://codingchallenges.fyi/challenges/challenge-head/)

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/sahasrara62/codingchallenges.fyi/tree/main/head_cc

<!-- // Template
## Build your own
The Challenge: [Write your own]()

The shared solutions:
- https://github.com/dudupopkhadze/rate-limiters
-->

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">🔼 Back to top</a>)</p>
